ESS dgcode_projects
===================

Repository with various projects of the Detector Group at the European
Spallation Source ERIC (ESS) and collaborators. The projects are based on
"dgcode" and can be built by stepping into a clone of the repository and
invoking the command "sb". For more information about dgcode and the simplebuild
build system, please refer to the websites of the two projects at:

* https://mctools.github.io/simplebuild-dgcode/
* https://mctools.github.io/simplebuild/

For ESS users, also make sure to read the short instructions at
https://confluence.esss.lu.se/display/DGCODE before proceeding to use or develop
the software.

Software in this repository was mainly developed at the European Spallation
Source ERIC (ESS) and the Technical University of Denmark (DTU). This work was
supported in part by the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation
programme under grant agreement No 676548 (the BrightnESS project).

Code in this repository is under copyright by its developers. It is distributed
under the Apache 2.0 license, which is available online at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0, as well as in the LICENSE file next
to this one.

Beside complying with the Apache 2.0 license, a proper scientific conduct is
expected when producing any scientific results with code from the repository.
Regarding the issue of acknowledging the authors of the code, please contact the
primary author(s) indicated in the pkg.info files of the used project packages,
as well as the respective code contributors.

Contribution to this repository constitutes full acceptance of the contributed
code being distributed under the Apache 2.0 license. It is solely the
contributor's responsibility to make sure that their code complies with
distribution under the Apache 2.0 license. The maintainers of the repository are
not liable for any authorship or licence issues spawning from contributed code.
